state maintenance in DataParallel (#1895)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added `DistributedStateHooks` class with methods `on_after_model_replicate()` and `on_after_dp_parallel_apply()`

Reviewer: link this PR
```suggestion
- Added `DistributedStateHooks` class with methods `on_after_model_replicate()` and `on_after_dp_parallel_apply()` ([#1895](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1895))
```

### Changed

> - Allow users to maintain state in `DataParallel` mode using `self.distributed_state` container within `LightningModule`; solves ([#565](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/565))

Reviewer: link this PR
```suggestion
- Allow users to maintain state in `DataParallel` mode using `self.distributed_state` container within `LightningModule` ([#1895](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/1895))
```
